1. What you are responsible for in Sprint 1
• List the Trello cards you own
I own the Build landing page layout, which includes the home-screen page
and follows layout of wireframe. I am also sharing the Add styling and basic
interactivity card with Porfirio.


2. Setup steps
• Step by step instructions for what you need to install, configure, or create
• Include commands, links, or screenshots if needed
I need to create a HTML file and a CSS file for the home page.
We are using Andriod and Firebase.


3. Development plan
• Step by step plan for how you will build your cards this sprint
• Include what files you expect to create or edit
• Include what “done” looks like
I will build my cards by following the wireframe for the homepage.
I expect to have two files, one for HTML and one for CSS so far.
Done will look like home-screen page that has consistent colors/images/pictures.
Done is:
• A working landing/home/default page
• Visual structure that matches your wireframes
• Initial styling choices applied
• Some form of interactivity or JavaScript logic


4. Risks or questions
• What might block you
• What you need from teammates
I need to have clear, consistent communication with everyone
involved in the frontend parts so there are no misunderstandings.
1.  add navigation structure & add styling and basic interactivity
2.  I need to add a bottom navigation bar for the home page, diet page, and exercise, skin/hair care page,
    notification page, and the account page.
    I need to style the pages.
3.  I first need to create the different pages/screens for each tab
    that I plan to add. for example the home page, diet page etc.
    Then i need to add icons at the bottom of the screen for the mobile tabs.
    and have them serve as links to navigate to the different pages I will create.
    I will also have to style the pages such as changing background colors chaning font size, the size of the mobile tab icons so they all fit on the screen.
    I expect to edit the wireframe page.
    Done will look like a landing page where you will be able to click on any of the 
    mobile tabs and where you will be able to navigate to whichever one you like.
4.  What might block me is how I will create the frontend pages using android studio or through vscode. Im not 
    entirely sure which to use.
    I will need what type of data to display on each page from the database teammate.
